how I planted a carrot this year to
she was easier to weed out every year I
tried on the network and early
as soon as april the sun peeps out
you are still cold but the price tag on the cows
put in networks and here I am always on a series
and wait and it comes up
a very very long time until the carrot comes off and
weeds that
heaps are rising here now not visible
because I am totally this year
in another way she planted
Shelves had even like about here
such a pile of growing carpet we have to and small
here is such a carrot inside a lot
impossible to plant carrots also not
I want more as I decided this year
Brand sit down in April, instead of
sow carrots I covered these three beds
wrap the grass seeds there
went without her
I have a carrot
that is, the grass went all under the film and
when May prayed for 10 12 mom was here
a carpet of weeds I had sex all
cheerful his strength dumping here she is
carrot and the remaining nicky as you want
then weed
generally easy to take large and field him
there is a row
carrot but ascended quickly
because it was hot
and the fact that I used to plant it in April
also around this time I went
just sat there for a long time in the land of one
carrot weed pleasure
way so now I will no longer
hurry
how everyone rushes rejoiced sun
it turned out no now let the weeds go
first and then we have this cereal
is sitting
small allowance is rare not to
germinate because seed
my way of landing brand